hey what's up everyone I'm lefty heat
and welcome to the first ever mario
tennis open match on the 10-man clan as
always we have the clan members how you
guys doing oh wait we're not doing
introduction right too bad well really
yellow can't do over no no let's keep
going Yolo Yolo hate right all right
fish here we go no before no let go and
it doesn't look like we're let show one
without a leg bitches no more dead hey
the leg dance we don't have to dance for
leg free all I'm almost like free but so
good better than before when it jinx it
get it oh that was tell okay oh we just
got trolled Louise lose the lead you
right now I am I didn't even know I was
with omni I'm gonna win this yeah get it
huh what was that that was like ooh what
are you doing oh wait oh hey nice give
me a kiss me ma hey give me me there you
go oh nice all right we'll give you that
and go are you gonna be all right oh
whoa oh nice Louie ed behind me all
right exile we need to do this teamwork
no okay get you the cheapest you hobbies
mine Oh yours mine it's good I know
where my mind like oh so much out of X
City oh hi I said my city yeah exile
sugar Oh get the movie Oh God Wow it is
a lot of leg right now I can't even hear
you guys if we were playing at your
culture Oh
no thank you for saving exiled you got
this go to the right dog yeah oh yeah
like shaking just go with it well no
shot for the win oh yeah I got it all
besides his words stops immediately oh
god I black monte if we actually had a
lag free connection so Jesus arikil
something that Nintendo didn't use
gamespot for their on yeah freaking
okay um hit the ball whoa it's rarely
stops luck oh nice all right exile VLC
wasn't ready oh I got this my body ready
like at all I'm you slag now game point
yes seriously dude I got it why I didn't
not get this game Dominic don't suck now
yeah blow oh sweet haha game exiled and
Lefty heat we're using the lag we're
letting the leg take advantage of us
well not really I get work for us like
your work I got that hola get only
straight to me a few yeah I got it god
this is gonna be you're gonna get it I
got it I got it or not any worse I was
terrible fly see oh no nice little curve
action all right we threw you the lag oh
are you exile you go to the left there
right we're getting it I got that I got
I got that I'm going back Oh
wow this is like slow motion not liking
guy hurry up here we go here we go here
we go here it's getting ready for my
rebound I don't think all right now we
got reel night it's like freaking Jenny
watch go without it there it's over no
don't stop wow I'm again keep lagging oh
shoot this is really bad like keep
lagging game game what did I just say
continue to lay Oh dr. Winky sucks when
you're not bagging game dude this is so
much bigger get it o.o 4015 serve it you
Becky more on let's go nope nope why not
use eggs out stepping it up Maggie that
way slice it go at it nice nope got it
or not I'm York yeah yeah deuce all
right oh shoot oh wow how did I go
through a alright I'll take it good job
having it yeah are you excited what fast
John Luigi faster faster oh my you know
what nice break point go nope got it oh
oh okay come I was wide did even like
register okay got it XL oh yes got it go
on back oh nice all right wing no more
okay got this oh you know they both got
it nice ah game exiled and Lefty heat
all right AJ Lee Lee what my major do
okay I cannot handle the likes of George
killing my favorite character do the leg
dance dancy dancy I got it dick wait
there we go the left side oh look at
that come back oh look at that sir match
point we're already at the match point
is that oh wow stay on your side is
Michael still here you wanna die got it
oh come on it's like oh wow fall day get
yours oh oh I can't touch this can't
touch this lefty/lefty H got called out
where Tiger down but we're winning by
their you nope nope finish him yes game
set and match exiled and Lefty nice nice
job all right well that's about it and I
will see you guys next time leave yo la
ba ba ba bye bye